README.md, before:

## Issue Description
If the Service Bus receiver uses a `PrefetchSize` that is larger than the number of messages in the Service Bus session, the session lock seems to be automatically renewed until the client connection is closed.  It does **not** matter if the session is from a Queue or a Subscription - the failure mode exists with both.

I cannot determine if the session lock is being automatically renewed by the client or by something server-side.  I don't see any activity in the client logs that indicates the client (automatically) renewing the session lock.  The session lock *is* released (on the server) if the connection between the client and the server is severed.

## Recreate
I posted a Visual Studio 2022 solution (console application) that recreates the issue to [GitHub](https://github.com/michaelmcmaster/SessionLockFailure.git).  Informational logs are written to the console, while trace logs are written to a file in the working directory.

This application can be pointed to a ServiceBus, and it will:
* Bootstrap (create or delete and recreate) a fresh queue (default name of 'session_lock_failure')
  - `RequiresSession` set to `true`
  - `LockDuration` set to 15 seconds (intentionally short for quicker testing, but the issue recreates with any time span)
* Send a configurable number messages to the queue
  - all messages have the same session identifier
* Using the Service Bus client, performs an `AcceptNextSession` operation
  - `ReceiverOptions` set to a configurable `PrefetchSize`
* Using the `sessionReceiver` from ^^^, performs an `ReceiveMessage` operation
* Simulates a "slow receiver" by delaying until the `sessionReceiver`'s `SessionLockedUntil` is reached
* Delays for an *additional* amount of time (amount of additional delay doesn't seem to matter)
* Using the `sessionReceiver` and `receivedMessage` from ^^^, performs a `CompleteMessage` operation

**ISSUE**: The `CompleteMessage` should *always* result in a `SessionLockLost` exception, but if the `PrefetchSize` is larger than the number of messages in the session, the message(s) are succesfully completed (and removed from the queue).

### Command Line Options
    -c, --connection    Required. Service Bus connection string (Manage, Send, Listen)
    -m, --messages      (Default: 1) Number of messages to put into Service Bus (single session)
    -p, --prefetch      (Default: 2) Service Bus receive prefetch size
    -q, --queue         (Default: session_lock_failure) Service Bus queue name

## Scenario 1 (OK) : messages >= prefetch
With this scenario, the Service Bus behaves according to official documentation.  During the delay, the server-side expires the session lock and a `SessionLockLost` exception is thrown when the client-side attempts (after the delay) to complete the messages.

Command Line: `SessionLockFailure.exe -c "******" -m 2 -p 2`

    2024-01-26T15:34:45.8599208-06:00 [INF] [1] SessionLockFailure running
    2024-01-26T15:34:47.8922086-06:00 [INF] [10] ServiceBus client connected
    2024-01-26T15:34:47.9612183-06:00 [INF] [10] Sending partial batch: [1]
    2024-01-26T15:34:48.4635329-06:00 [INF] [5] Sent [2] messages in [0.57] seconds (3.49 msg/s).
    2024-01-26T15:34:48.5755560-06:00 [INF] [10] AcceptNextSession: SessionId:[0], LockedUntil:[2024-01-26T15:35:03.5221389-06:00]
    2024-01-26T15:34:48.6002566-06:00 [INF] [7] Delay:[00:00:14.9220584] to allow session lock to expire
    2024-01-26T15:35:03.5301752-06:00 [INF] [7] Delay:[00:05:00] for extra measure
    2024-01-26T15:40:03.5212820-06:00 [INF] [34] CompleteMessage: SessionId:[0], SequenceNumber:[1]
    2024-01-26T15:40:03.5328858-06:00 [WRN] [34] CompleteMessage: Session lock lost (expected)
    Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus.ServiceBusException: The session lock has expired on the MessageSession. Accept a new MessageSession. TrackingId:*****, SystemTracker:***:***:amqps://******/***;0:7:8:source(address:/session_lock_failure,filter:[com.microsoft:session-filter:]), Timestamp:2024-01-26T21:35:03 (SessionLockLost).

## Scenario 2 (Failure) : messages < prefetch
With this scenario, the Service Bus misbehaves (session lock is held indefinitely).  During the delay, the server-side does *not* expire the session lock.  The (server-side) session lock is being *indefinitely maintained* by the client connection... causing the session to be *indefinitely* stalled until the client connection is terminated.  This can be further confirmed by attempting a AcquireNextSession + Receive (ex. from ServiceBusExplorer) during the delay period.  Messages are successfully completed when the client-side attempts (after the delay) to complete the messages.

Command Line: `SessionLockFailure.exe -c "*****" -m 1 -p 2`

    2024-01-26T14:48:22.8077862-06:00 [INF] [1] SessionLockFailure running
    2024-01-26T14:48:25.0585689-06:00 [INF] [10] ServiceBus client connected
    2024-01-26T14:48:25.1456060-06:00 [INF] [10] Sending partial batch: [1]
    2024-01-26T14:48:25.7762166-06:00 [INF] [10] Sent [1] messages in [0.72] seconds (1.39 msg/s).
    2024-01-26T14:48:25.8877994-06:00 [INF] [10] AcceptNextSession: SessionId:[0], LockedUntil:[2024-01-26T14:48:40.7684016-06:00]
    2024-01-26T14:48:25.9198234-06:00 [INF] [10] Delay:[00:00:14.8487970] to allow session lock to expire
    2024-01-26T14:48:40.7726083-06:00 [INF] [10] Delay:[00:30:00] for extra measure
    2024-01-26T15:18:40.7755738-06:00 [INF] [137] CompleteMessage: SessionId:[0], SequenceNumber:[1]
    2024-01-26T15:18:41.9229045-06:00 [ERR] [138] FAILURE: The sesion lock *should* have been lost, but was not

Commit message:

Added related observations to description

README.md, after:

# Description
If the Service Bus receiver uses a `PrefetchSize` that is larger than the number of messages in the Service Bus session, the session lock seems to be automatically (and indefinitely) renewed until the client connection is closed... and allows a malfunctioning client to "hang" a session indefinitely.

## Related Observations
- It does **not** matter if the session is from a Queue or a Subscription - the failure mode exists with both
- Since the session lock never actually expires, the `DeliveryCount` on the received (but not completed) message(s) is not incremented
- Doing a (single) `ReceiveMessage` with a `PrefetchSize` greater than one appears to behave the same as a (batch) `ReceiveMessages` with a `maxMessages` of the same value

I cannot determine if the session lock is being automatically renewed by the client or by something server-side.  I don't see any activity in the client logs that indicates the client (automatically) renewing the session lock.  The session lock *is* released (on the server) if the connection between the client and the server is severed.

## Recreate
I posted a Visual Studio 2022 solution (console application) that recreates the issue to [GitHub](https://github.com/michaelmcmaster/SessionLockFailure.git).  Informational logs are written to the console, while trace logs are written to a file in the working directory.

This application can be pointed to a ServiceBus, and it will:
* Bootstrap (create or delete and recreate) a fresh queue (default name of 'session_lock_failure')
  - `RequiresSession` set to `true`
  - `LockDuration` set to 15 seconds (intentionally short for quicker testing, but the issue recreates with any time span)
* Send a configurable number messages to the queue
  - all messages have the same session identifier
* Using the Service Bus client, performs an `AcceptNextSession` operation
  - `ReceiverOptions` set to a configurable `PrefetchSize`
* Using the `sessionReceiver` from ^^^, performs an `ReceiveMessage` operation
* Simulates a "slow receiver" by delaying until the `sessionReceiver`'s `SessionLockedUntil` is reached
* Delays for an *additional* amount of time (amount of additional delay doesn't seem to matter)
* Using the `sessionReceiver` and `receivedMessage` from ^^^, performs a `CompleteMessage` operation

**ISSUE**: The `CompleteMessage` should *always* result in a `SessionLockLost` exception, but if the `PrefetchSize` is larger than the number of messages in the session, the message(s) are succesfully completed (and removed from the queue).

### Command Line Options
    -c, --connection    Required. Service Bus connection string (Manage, Send, Listen)
    -m, --messages      (Default: 1) Number of messages to put into Service Bus (single session)
    -p, --prefetch      (Default: 2) Service Bus receive prefetch size
    -q, --queue         (Default: session_lock_failure) Service Bus queue name

## Scenario 1 (OK) : messages >= prefetch
With this scenario, the Service Bus behaves according to official documentation.  During the delay, the server-side expires the session lock and a `SessionLockLost` exception is thrown when the client-side attempts (after the delay) to complete the messages.

Command Line: `SessionLockFailure.exe -c "******" -m 2 -p 2`

    2024-01-26T15:34:45.8599208-06:00 [INF] [1] SessionLockFailure running
    2024-01-26T15:34:47.8922086-06:00 [INF] [10] ServiceBus client connected
    2024-01-26T15:34:47.9612183-06:00 [INF] [10] Sending partial batch: [1]
    2024-01-26T15:34:48.4635329-06:00 [INF] [5] Sent [2] messages in [0.57] seconds (3.49 msg/s).
    2024-01-26T15:34:48.5755560-06:00 [INF] [10] AcceptNextSession: SessionId:[0], LockedUntil:[2024-01-26T15:35:03.5221389-06:00]
    2024-01-26T15:34:48.6002566-06:00 [INF] [7] Delay:[00:00:14.9220584] to allow session lock to expire
    2024-01-26T15:35:03.5301752-06:00 [INF] [7] Delay:[00:05:00] for extra measure
    2024-01-26T15:40:03.5212820-06:00 [INF] [34] CompleteMessage: SessionId:[0], SequenceNumber:[1]
    2024-01-26T15:40:03.5328858-06:00 [WRN] [34] CompleteMessage: Session lock lost (expected)
    Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus.ServiceBusException: The session lock has expired on the MessageSession. Accept a new MessageSession. TrackingId:*****, SystemTracker:***:***:amqps://******/***;0:7:8:source(address:/session_lock_failure,filter:[com.microsoft:session-filter:]), Timestamp:2024-01-26T21:35:03 (SessionLockLost).

## Scenario 2 (Failure) : messages < prefetch
With this scenario, the Service Bus misbehaves (session lock is held indefinitely).  During the delay, the server-side does *not* expire the session lock.  The (server-side) session lock is being *indefinitely maintained* by the client connection... causing the session to be *indefinitely* stalled until the client connection is terminated.  This can be further confirmed by attempting a AcquireNextSession + Receive (ex. from ServiceBusExplorer) during the delay period.  Messages are successfully completed when the client-side attempts (after the delay) to complete the messages.

Command Line: `SessionLockFailure.exe -c "*****" -m 1 -p 2`

    2024-01-26T14:48:22.8077862-06:00 [INF] [1] SessionLockFailure running
    2024-01-26T14:48:25.0585689-06:00 [INF] [10] ServiceBus client connected
    2024-01-26T14:48:25.1456060-06:00 [INF] [10] Sending partial batch: [1]
    2024-01-26T14:48:25.7762166-06:00 [INF] [10] Sent [1] messages in [0.72] seconds (1.39 msg/s).
    2024-01-26T14:48:25.8877994-06:00 [INF] [10] AcceptNextSession: SessionId:[0], LockedUntil:[2024-01-26T14:48:40.7684016-06:00]
    2024-01-26T14:48:25.9198234-06:00 [INF] [10] Delay:[00:00:14.8487970] to allow session lock to expire
    2024-01-26T14:48:40.7726083-06:00 [INF] [10] Delay:[00:30:00] for extra measure
    2024-01-26T15:18:40.7755738-06:00 [INF] [137] CompleteMessage: SessionId:[0], SequenceNumber:[1]
    2024-01-26T15:18:41.9229045-06:00 [ERR] [138] FAILURE: The sesion lock *should* have been lost, but was not
